then the spirit lifted me up and brought
then the spirit lifted me up and brought me to the east gate of the Lord's house
me to the east gate of the Lord's house
me to the east gate of the Lord's house which faces eastward and there at the
which faces eastward and there at the
which faces eastward and there at the door of the gate were 25 men among whom
door of the gate were 25 men among whom
door of the gate were 25 men among whom i saw jeiza nile a son of azor and
i saw jeiza nile a son of azor and
i saw jeiza nile a son of azor and Palatine the son of benaiah princes of
Palatine the son of benaiah princes of
Palatine the son of benaiah princes of the people and he said to me son of man
the people and he said to me son of man
the people and he said to me son of man these are the men who devise iniquity
these are the men who devise iniquity
these are the men who devise iniquity and give wicked counsel in this city who
and give wicked counsel in this city who
and give wicked counsel in this city who say the time is not near to build houses
say the time is not near to build houses
say the time is not near to build houses this city is the caldron and we are the
this city is the caldron and we are the
this city is the caldron and we are the meat therefore prophesy against them
meat therefore prophesy against them
meat therefore prophesy against them prophesy Oh son of man then the Spirit
prophesy Oh son of man then the Spirit
prophesy Oh son of man then the Spirit of the Lord fell upon me speak thus says
of the Lord fell upon me speak thus says
of the Lord fell upon me speak thus says the Lord thus you have said o house of
the Lord thus you have said o house of
the Lord thus you have said o house of Israel for I know the things that come
Israel for I know the things that come
Israel for I know the things that come into your mind you have multiplied your
into your mind you have multiplied your
into your mind you have multiplied your slain in this city and you have filled
slain in this city and you have filled
slain in this city and you have filled its streets with the slain therefore
its streets with the slain therefore
its streets with the slain therefore thus says the Lord God
thus says the Lord God
thus says the Lord God your slain whom you have laid in its
your slain whom you have laid in its
your slain whom you have laid in its midst
midst
midst they are the meat and this city is the
they are the meat and this city is the
they are the meat and this city is the cauldron but I shall bring you out of
cauldron but I shall bring you out of
cauldron but I shall bring you out of the midst of it you have feared the salt
the midst of it you have feared the salt
the midst of it you have feared the salt and I will bring a sword upon you says
and I will bring a sword upon you says
and I will bring a sword upon you says the Lord God and I will bring you out of
the Lord God and I will bring you out of
the Lord God and I will bring you out of its midst and deliver you into the hands
its midst and deliver you into the hands
its midst and deliver you into the hands of strangers and execute judgments on
of strangers and execute judgments on
of strangers and execute judgments on you you shall fall by the sword
you you shall fall by the sword
you you shall fall by the sword I will judge you at the border of Israel
I will judge you at the border of Israel
I will judge you at the border of Israel then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord this city shall not be your cauldron nor
this city shall not be your cauldron nor
this city shall not be your cauldron nor shall you be the meat in its midst I
shall you be the meat in its midst I
shall you be the meat in its midst I will judge you at the border of Israel
will judge you at the border of Israel
will judge you at the border of Israel and you shall know that I am the Lord
and you shall know that I am the Lord
and you shall know that I am the Lord for you have not walked in my statutes
for you have not walked in my statutes
for you have not walked in my statutes nor executed my judgments but have done
nor executed my judgments but have done
nor executed my judgments but have done according to the customs of the Gentiles
according to the customs of the Gentiles
according to the customs of the Gentiles which are all around you now it happened
which are all around you now it happened
which are all around you now it happened while I was prophesying that pellit ayah
while I was prophesying that pellit ayah
while I was prophesying that pellit ayah the son of benaiah died then I fell on
the son of benaiah died then I fell on
the son of benaiah died then I fell on my face and cried with a loud voice and
my face and cried with a loud voice and
my face and cried with a loud voice and said O Lord God will you make a complete
said O Lord God will you make a complete
said O Lord God will you make a complete end of the remnant of Israel
end of the remnant of Israel
end of the remnant of Israel again the word of the Lord came to me
again the word of the Lord came to me
again the word of the Lord came to me son of man your brethren your relatives
son of man your brethren your relatives
son of man your brethren your relatives your countrymen and all the house of
your countrymen and all the house of
your countrymen and all the house of Israel in its entirety are those about
Israel in its entirety are those about
Israel in its entirety are those about whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have
whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have
whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have said get far away from the Lord
said get far away from the Lord
said get far away from the Lord this land has been given to us as a
this land has been given to us as a
this land has been given to us as a physician therefore say thus says the
physician therefore say thus says the
physician therefore say thus says the Lord God although I have cost them far
Lord God although I have cost them far
Lord God although I have cost them far off among the Gentiles and although I
off among the Gentiles and although I
off among the Gentiles and although I have scattered them among the countries
have scattered them among the countries
have scattered them among the countries yet I shall be a little century for them
yet I shall be a little century for them
yet I shall be a little century for them in the countries where they have gone
in the countries where they have gone
in the countries where they have gone therefore say thus says the Lord God I
therefore say thus says the Lord God I
therefore say thus says the Lord God I will gather you from the peoples
will gather you from the peoples
will gather you from the peoples assemble you from the countries where
assemble you from the countries where
assemble you from the countries where you have been scattered and I will give
you have been scattered and I will give
you have been scattered and I will give you the land of Israel and they will go
you the land of Israel and they will go
you the land of Israel and they will go there and they will take away all its
there and they will take away all its
there and they will take away all its detestable things and all its
detestable things and all its
detestable things and all its abominations from there then I will give
abominations from there then I will give
abominations from there then I will give them one heart and I will put a new
them one heart and I will put a new
them one heart and I will put a new spirit within them and take the stony
spirit within them and take the stony
spirit within them and take the stony heart out of their flesh and give them a
heart out of their flesh and give them a
heart out of their flesh and give them a hearts of flesh that they may walk in my
hearts of flesh that they may walk in my
hearts of flesh that they may walk in my statutes and keep my judgments and do
statutes and keep my judgments and do
statutes and keep my judgments and do them and they shall be my people
them and they shall be my people
them and they shall be my people and I will be their God but as for those
and I will be their God but as for those
and I will be their God but as for those whose hearts follow the desire for their
whose hearts follow the desire for their
whose hearts follow the desire for their detestable things and their abominations
detestable things and their abominations
detestable things and their abominations I will recompense their deeds on their
I will recompense their deeds on their
I will recompense their deeds on their own heads says the Lord God
own heads says the Lord God
own heads says the Lord God so the cherubim lifted up their wings
so the cherubim lifted up their wings
so the cherubim lifted up their wings with the wheels beside them and the
with the wheels beside them and the
with the wheels beside them and the glory of the God of Israel was high
glory of the God of Israel was high
glory of the God of Israel was high above them
above them
above them and the glory of the Lord went up from
and the glory of the Lord went up from
and the glory of the Lord went up from the midst of the city and stood on the
the midst of the city and stood on the
the midst of the city and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of
mountain which is on the east side of
mountain which is on the east side of the city
the city
the city then the spirit took me up and brought
then the spirit took me up and brought
then the spirit took me up and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into
me in a vision by the Spirit of God into
me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea to those in captivity
Chaldea to those in captivity
Chaldea to those in captivity and the vision that I had seen went up
and the vision that I had seen went up
and the vision that I had seen went up from me so I spoke to those in captivity
from me so I spoke to those in captivity
from me so I spoke to those in captivity of all the things the Lord had shown me
of all the things the Lord had shown me
of all the things the Lord had shown me [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]